Let's start by adding and you fall to the off area or to be precise a new directory first which will
also named store to store my i n g are X related files in there.
And the first fall will be my reducers falls all named the fault of reducers dot TS Of course you could
also just name it all reducers since you only have one reducer function there.
But my argument is that in that function we got multiple reducers cases.
So I'll create that file there and in there all export a function D or reduce or function this function
will take two inputs state and D dispatched action and then in there we again will have to return our
new state.
So that's the basic setup.
Now I ask before I want to set up an initial state for this area of the application.
If we have a look at the shopping list store folder there at the reducers there we see that we created
this initial state by creating a constant initial state which simply uses our own interface type which
defines the shape of the state.
And then we also export an app state which kind of bundles our application wide state.
Now that's something I'll work on once we got multiple areas in the application.
For now I want to copy the state interface and the initial state so copy both in the shopping list reduce
file and copy it over to the offerings use Rafal.
Now of course there I don't work with ingredients or stuff like that but there are two things I want
to set up in this state stay for now that will be my token which is a string.
So that is Jason.
Can we get through firebase and it will be the authenticated property which is a Boolean either true
or false in the initial state token Shelby null and authenticated shall Shelby false because every user
should not be authenticated at the start.
We can then set the state equal to the initial state.
Now reducer so that we start with this state.
So this is the initial set up I want to start with here.
Now that's city state.
Let's now bundle this all together to one single app state and for that I'll go into my folder.
You're in the shared folder or in the main folder in the main folder and under the app folder directly
I'll create a new folder to store folder too.
So this will be the application wide store you could say and in there I want to create and you follow
it on the app reducer.
Yes in debt file.
I simply want to export global application wide reducer in the end.
So here the goal is to export a state which bundles all the other application states.
Therefore I'll take the interface I have in my shopping list reducer and cutted from there and add it
to the app reducer for now.
Here I got the shopping list state and of course for that I need to import my shopping list reduce or
fall.
So import everything from that file as let's say from shopping list from the shopping list reduce Rafal.
So from the one up level up from the shopping list folder from the store folder there and there the
reducers fall.
And with that you can extract the state.
We set up there by accessing this from a shopping list object which handles all the exports from that
file and accessing state here.
Now a second will be off state just name it all three are and I'll add a number in word or name it from
off does object which unloads all the imports and you're of course reach out to the office section there
to the store fall and then be off reducers.
So here I can also import from of state.
And with that I got one global app state which has two areas shopping list and off we had shopping list
before.
Now we added a new one and we store it in a new central place which makes more sense than inside the
shopping list reducers fall.
Now with that being exported here we of course have to adjust the imports in the places where we use
debt.
So in the places where we actually wanted to use debt state definition like any shopping list component
here we no longer have to import the shopping lists actions here to access yeps state.
We have to add a new import everything else from and maybe from and now go up to the root level here
to just store folder and the app reducers and now we can say from app designers how we now access our
global state.
It also allows us to remove as from a shopping list import here.
We can also move on this try as a side note not as I see it the same for shopping added here.
Also at this new import you have to go up one additional level though and with that replays this statist
definition here.
Q From app and then the App State referencing this new file getting rid of the old unnecessary import
the same for recipes here and the recipe detail where we also use that lets add does import need to
go up one additional level here to and now replace from shopping list here with from app to since we
used moved.
This App State so lets remove the import here too.
And with that we now bundled the reducers.
Even though our offer reducer of course doesn't do much yet we'll work on this next.